Bedtime-Story
For the Busy Business-Parent
Whimsical Bedtime Stories for Children of All Ages
http://www.bedtime-story.com/bedtime-story
Courtesy of Home Office Mall

TWO GREY CATS

 

Elizabeth had two cats.

Their names were Micki and Minnie.

They looked exactly alike.

Micki was a grey cat.

Minnie was a grey cat.

Micki had a white spot on her chest.

Minnie had a white spot on her chest.

Elizabeth never knew which one was in her lap.

She looked for her brother. He was on his way outside to wash his car.

"How do you tell the cats apart?" Elizabeth asked him.

"I think Micki's tail is a little longer," her brother said.

He went out the door.

Elizabeth took a ruler from her desk. She measured the cats' tails.

Micki's tail was 11 inches long.

Minnie's tail was 11 inches long.

There must be some way to know which is which, Elizabeth thought.

She meowed at the cats.

They meowed back at her.

Micki had a high, soft meow.

Minnie had a high, soft meow.

She looked deep into their eyes.

Micki's eyes were green, with a little yellow.

Minnie's eyes were green, with a little yellow.

Elizabeth's mother was on her way into the bathroom to take a shower.

"How do you tell the cats apart?" Elizabeth asked.

"I don't," her mother replied.

She closed the door.

Elizabeth sat down on the sofa with a big sigh.

She didn't know what to do.


I will never be able to tell these cats apart!, she thought.

She looked down at the cat who sat nearest her feet.

"Which one are you?" she asked.

"I'm Minnie," the cat replied. "All you had to do was ask."

"Oh," Elizabeth blinked.



The cat jumped into her lap.

Elizabeth smiled and began to pet her.

"Hi, Minnie," she said.

 

Two Grey Cats by Susan Jaffer
Bedtime-Story / Susan Jaffer Copyright 1998 - All Rights Reserved
About the Illustrator: Tracy L.R. Osburn lives in Indianapolis, Indiana with her husband and two rotten cats. She is a graphic designer by profession and works from her home studio, under the name Tracy Robbins Osburn, creating websites, illustrations and also graphic design for print. Contact Tracy at tracy@2degrees.com 
About the Author: - Susan Jaffer was born and reared in New York City. Today, she and her husband live in a Civil War farmhouse in the country with their eleven horses, three dogs, and more cats than they care to count. A Walton at heart, Susan is happy that two of her children still live at home. Her eldest daughter and granddaughter live nearby. A published poet, Susan works at home as an editor and freelance writer. 
You may contact Susan at editoria@gmail.com


Read Another Bedtime Story?
Return to Home Office Mall? 
http://www.home-office-mall.com 
Innovative, Cutting-Edge Products and Services, offering Logic, Common Sense, and Economic Advantage to the Business Professional and Telecommuter.